Before we dive into the section I wanted to give you a quick heads up that there is a caveat around
everything that we're doing with linear regressions linear regressions have assumptions and the assumptions
are listed below linearity homos kids to city multivariate normality independence of errors and lack
of multicollinearity.
And before building a linear regression model you need to check that these assumptions are true.
And then you can only proceed and be sure that you're building a good linear regression model.
Well in this section we won't be focusing on that.
We won't be focusing on the assumptions of linear regression in this section of the course but if you
ever do need to build a linear regression then make sure that you don't just blindly follow the steps
that I present to you in this section of the course but you do need to go back to the assumptions of
the linear regression and research them and make sure that they are correct when you're building your
regression